Reflection for Lab 2:

1. I made a lot of changes and had a little AI assistance. I added a lot of global variables in creature.h which set bounadary limits on the new stats (mins and maxs). These help ensure fair fights while assisting the validation structures implemeneted already. I also added all of the required getter methods with corresponding private variables. Lastly, I included a healing method which needs to be defined in arena for implemenation: meaning, we need rules on how to use it. This is something we can decided in class.

2. The most basic way to improve encapsulation is to create private and public values/methods. The getter methods in public retrieve the now private variables. They were encapsulated in private so that other users cannot change their values upon use. I wonder whether the global variables defining creature stat boundaries should be private, too. But I'm not sure that would work if each creature sets their values differently.

3. I used const on the bool isAlive() and all of my getter methods to insure their values cannot change upon implementation as well as to let other users know the nature of those methods if they were unsure. isAlive() may have already been created before I updated my fork, so I don't want to take credit for that. Constant methods do not change the value assigned to what they're retrieving.

4. The staic creatureCount tracks total number of creatures called in any battle and since it is a static member it can be used across all members of the Creature class. It as call in main and prints the total number of creatures called in that battle. I believe the counter resets after every battle, but this would be something useful to check for.

5. I added a heal method because creating a creature who could help others is the only way I could "get in the game" for this group project! I'm not a big fan of battle games, but creating as helper creature got me interested. So, generating a heal method fits within those parameters of my interest. I want to be able to be randomly called by another creature when their HP is below 25 in battle to be healed by me once per round. We would have to implement a random creature call in Arena::battle() which would call a creature from the creatures list randomly to use their special ability in battle only once. It would be fun to see a creature get a version of itself randomly called to fight or heal. It would be even more interesting to watch a creature's oppenent get randomly called to fight against them as a duplicate!